This Map is made by me Shadow Streak, I know my user name is splinterfox, but I decided to change my steam name. This map is a Zombie Survival map for the Zombie Survival mod. Currently this map has been in progress for about 30 hours. It contains everything for gameplay and is ready to play at this very moment. Feel free to play it as much as you want, but just PM me so I can join in. Details: This is a underground secret testing facility, or bunker, what ever you want it to be. But players start on the outside of the bunker. If players decide to escape to the bunker, as soon as you jump in you enter a large complex. And goes around 20 stories deep at it's lowest point. There are multiple rooms to take shelter in. And you are going to have to put up a fight to survive. Version 2.0 log: huge update with over 600 textures that could not be seen having the default brick texture. and replaced them with no-draw... Gave a few rooms a make-over and made a new path for the zombies to get in,,,,,,, Version 1.9 log: In a attempt to reduce the lag problems, I created a area with a lag problem, I fixed it and a few minor bugs Also fixed the no-draw problem near the tunnel, where it let you see a gaping hole to the outside, also caused lag. Version 1.8 log: Added a new path to the compound for the zombies. Version 1.7 log: Fixed 3 decals Fixed 4 holes that were outside the map fixed a hole that was inside the map Fixed zombie spawns to prevent spawn killing A few other fixes I can't remember... Version 1.6 log: Fixed a nodraw error Fixed a light problem Removed the light from the zombie spawn that made spawn killing easy Moved a light in the tunnel Version 1.5 log: Re-did the whole out door area. Widened the vent entrance so now it is a hallway Fixed alot of bugs put nodraw on all textures that players could not view to reduce lag fixed map holes Version 1.0 log: Moved alot of props around Added 4 new rooms with props Re-did all of the lights Added doors to most entrances Added more lights with effects Fixed zombie spawns that were part way under the level Fixed 1 human spawn being to close Added couch to secret room Fixed a lot of textures Added textures fixed more brushes and changed the size of hallways to fit doors and prevent extreme blocking It is ready for the servers. Version 0.9 Beta log: Moved some props to clean up areas that were prone to clogging Added another room with props Added a couch in the secret room, to make it last a little longer Moved some lights Fixed some textures, removed unused brushes, and re-sized brushes that were to big, and fixed the brush that slightly went through the vent tunnel on the right side. -This may be the final version, once tested and proved to work, I will switch it to version 1.0. Version 0.8 Beta log: Removed some couches Added another room Added various props for the zombies to shoot. Moved some props. Version 0.7 Beta log: Removed the deep underground area due to it being just to long of a trip for the zombies, causing more walking then killing Added some props Added a cube map Moved some lights And fixed a stair problem Version 0.5 Beta log: Fixed 2 holes in the map, that some how did not warn me about. Added more light to some areas and removed light in some areas. Version 0.1 Alpha log: Released map To do list: Play test to find errors and see if I can improve. Add detail. The level is now in version 2.0, but if any more changes are needed, then I will fix them. And feel free to host the level, just add PM me first.